Come on, it was a long game but there was a highlight for each yes ride dead
Let's look back
Now in the starting lineup of some of the 16 round tomb marker the place shining started without after stopping the losing streak
is
Span now and full bass batter in full with two fur balls and people after understanding
The box is Ito
But here is launch
As for Pearl to the first find 2 dancers with this
Last Buccano today's starters pulse is good hit is first liner
Somehow there in the times zero octopus surpassed the pinch
And back-to-out runner of Orix of the starting lineup Oh Terahara twice the Kuril and first baseman third base Matsui
Boiled fish
Thorough batting
Pre-emptive timely seems to be determined before the lights
Now I will teach you one story
3 times to be hand in Popper ball in humans then was if the mother
I have a kind, and a toe-out runner has a brow, and the batter's box has a fifth tee.
From
But here is much say the launch and disease
Here too, we will go through the middle ground
The sea goes in five times
First of all
I will take part in the infield field hit of Fiji Soa shorts
After this Ginji of batter features fail bunt
It will not be able to send now to catcher fly
However , at the time of the bat at the master
Festival success etc 38 children name this season
further
Saito also succeeded
And but there in the 39 th
Runner Mitaka and chance spread
And grease Te erotic or not the remains searchable
This will raise additional points for the second game
I 'm even more safe with my followers
Now Kai now will move on the 7th floor
One Now door runner is the second base's
Although butter boxer Canaan
This returns the Buffaloes a one point became the left front of the revenue position
Char will be replaced here
From then out Pfizer third fastest of Koyama 2 out runner first base third base
How to put y backer
There is no batting there
The second point came in timely before the left and there is one point difference at last
But it is backflip behind it
Terahara sequel Mart Machida from such outlander loose Sunday
Hmm
3-point timely 2 day of take intransitive exit the left intermediate
According to the story, it will be 5 points again by 5 points with this
Here, Terahara gets off the board and the second place gets Ninten seat
Day Direction of previous customer of light to Tengu lift This 4-point difference
I will further expand the point difference with
One point goes into 8 improvement etc. and the meeting is nine times
A big pinch of know-how and a full base with six differences of five with three
But 2 batter's box in Kogitsuke up at the right end of loose-san I wonder if the t
Now the fourth point is included and the difference will be 3 points difference
But it is bal
Launched to the center and complete 7 to 4
Rakuten After this after a 3-point difference in the 8 enjoyed wins outright ran away last time was two to three debt in winning streak
It was a game